hi I like the John wick movies I
remember the first one being a sleeper
hit cuz no one wanted to take your boy
Keanu seriously the movie was directed
by stuntmen and now they're officially
making a third one rightfully so so when
I hear about this movie revolving around
a neutral hotel for criminals to come in
and find refuge I'm like is this a
spin-off or y'all Timon and Pumba oohing
it it's that as well choreographed as a
what ecology is but if you're a fan of
those I think you're gonna like this one
the cast is stacked it's an interesting
world I personally would give it a
rented even if I wouldn't revisit this
hotel again
let me explain now very wise this movie
takes place in Los Angeles in the year
2028 blade runner's haven't fully taken
over but it is enough time a way that it
could be combined with John wick the
Continental hotels are placed throughout
the club their assassins and global road
entertainment only has these three films
I'm sure Lionsgate can throw them a bone
and combine atomic blonde with it too
but in this world Jeff Goldblum acting
as bad Jeff Goldblum finds a way to
create a safe space for criminals after
LA has become the riot central of the
world the government pulled out Ra's al
Ghul and there's like no clean water for
the civilians so of course they start
going crazy and acting like Floridians
Jodie Foster who just always loses her
kid has been the nurse of this place for
like two decades any criminal can check
in after they drop off their weapons
there's no violence allowed in the
premises it's half like the Tipton's
because it's a hotel but then the other
half is like the Med rooms in the Alien
franchise where they can freakin 3d
print livers now I'm used to sterling K
Brown being the soft nice dude but this
man slick this ain't us and he's
whooping people left and right he's got
a crew of T's one who I don't know if
you guys know who father John misty is
but homies an actor now for like five
minutes before he gets off but it's
sterling and his brother who end up
stealing something that's like super
important to the big mob boss who was
Jeff Goldblum and they make it to the
hotel before his brother dies which
isn't really a bad thing because
sterling is now
inside it ain't sunny so Charlie days
characters just given everybody problems
cuz he's just he's rich sofia boutella
finds a way to be an even scarier
assassin that she wasn't Kingsman but
the best person in this movie without a
doubt is Bautista homie plays a medical
professional but really this dude is
cholo Drax and I love him in this film
I'm a healthcare professional of course
organized crime can only last so long
before it becomes unorganized so your
girl Jodie Foster who has been keeping
the rules for decades decides to break
them and lets an injured cop since
Monalisa over here was her neighbor and
was her kids friend growing up zachary
quinto brings his dad jeff goldblum who
can i just say i literally can't say
quinto seriously i don't know who
remembers him back from lizzie mcguire
but i just feel he always plays a man
baby and here he is playing a baby who
is a man even as dad is like i kiddo
thanks for dropping me off now I go get
a pint of soy with your boys problem
here is that Sophia's target in this
hotel is Goldblum who owns the hotel
once you straight livestreams his death
for the peeps who paid her for it
obviously everyone goes crazy because
he's the big mob boss they then start
imitating the raid redemption and while
I'm questioning why all of these dudes
who had guns they never threw them away
don't just offed them we at least get
some good fight scenes I guess there's
one point where Sophia just straight up
slices ado down the middle and turns him
into a damn hoodie with a zipper
Bautista sacrifices himself and stays
since he's not the rock and Sterling
makes it out of the tintin while Jodie
Foster decides Jodie Foster decides at
the end of the movie to walk around the
ruins of LA to help people looking like
the Joker in the Dark Knight overall I
think it's an interesting movie I think
it's an interesting world that they've
created if they can make this a
franchise or maybe even a miniseries
which I think would be really dope that
would be really dope but if they make a
sequel and for whatever reason they
don't bring back your boy Bautista I'm
gonna have to say no thank you guys for
checking out this video I'm curious to
know your thoughts on this I know this
woman didn't get enough attention so you
know if you're curious to go see it
you'll see my ratings at the beginning I
definitely think this is more of a rent
it but definitely check this movie out I
don't think it's as bad it's not as
great you know it's not as great as that
John wick films but it's an interesting
idea in
original idea an original idea that
seems a lot like another idea that's
already out there but I'm curious on
your thoughts on this let me know any
other movies you want me to cover don't
forget to comment like and subscribe
down below and now get you a night at
the Ramada Inn